>> Steve Kinney: And you can kind of like
just use this now in your application.
So we'll go into
the application itself and cool.
So we need to actually,
do we have a have an index in here?
We have an index.js,
we need to do some wiring up here.
What this is going to look like is
effectively that same provider stuff that
we've seen before.
And so we can say something
along the lines of we'll
pull in the provider from mobx.
Now this is a different one
than the one from Redux.
>> Steve Kinney: Mobx react.
We'll pull that in, and
then we'll wrap the application.
>> Steve Kinney: And the provider.
We'll say that the itemList,
>> Steve Kinney: Did I export it?
>> Steve Kinney: So we can rename this
file item store to/ It doesn't matter,
we could pass this in.
Now, we don't want to pass in the class,
we want to instantiate an item list.
So, we'll say item list just [NOISE].
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so now,
it's effectively context aware.
Basically any component that
needs to know about a given item
like these accesses,
list of items, we can just inject.
Be like, hey,
I heard you need the itemList,
very cool, here it is, all right?
We can inject it into that component.
Awesome, so we'll go in, and
we'll take a look,
application will have it.
We don't really need it
anywhere in an application.
But if we go into application
we can see that we wanna
show these two lists of items.
What we could do is we can make
an abstraction over this item,
where we can basically say,
hey, what I'm going to do with you is,
I'm going to show you.
I'm going to make a packed items one and
an unpacked Items one.
And we'll just kind of wrap this
idea of an Items component.
So we'll say, like PackedItems, and
what we'll do is we'll just inject.
>> Steve Kinney: They call it itemsList so
itemsList.
Because it's a string, you have to
kinda get it right which is fun,
itemList singular, cool
>> Steve Kinney: Didn't do that here,
so we'll pass it in.
And so we're injecting it,
but we saw before,
then the component itself needs
to be given the observer, right?
It is observing the observable.
Cool, and that will get injected into it,
the item list, right?
>> Steve Kinney: Right, inject and
we'll bring in observer
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and
we'll go ahead and
we'll have that in place.
And we'll say hey,
what we wanna do is I wanna show
you items, right with the title unpacked
items
>> Steve Kinney: Right,
and this will be, we'll start out,
we won't implement the filters just yet.
We'll say the items in here are going
to be the item list dot unpacked items.
>> Steve Kinney: And
that syncs the meet the API there.
We just need to return this.
Right now we could wrap it either way.
I'm getting yelled at for something here.
>> Steve Kinney: It wanted
a comma instead of a semicolon.
Cool and we make another one for
the unpacked items.
Now I could do this in
the application too.
>> Steve Kinney: But the nice part about
these components is now because I've like
abstracted them, they are effectively
a higher order component right?
They're wrapping around the item.
This is supposed to be packed.
We'll call this one on pact.
We call this one unpacked.
>> Steve Kinney: So packed items.
Cool, and so
we can kind of put both of these in place.
So here we'll say
>> Steve Kinney: Pull
in the unpacked items
>> Steve Kinney: You'll notice
I don't have to pass any props.
Close on the PackedItems, and
just use these components where,
I can move them around throughout my
component hierarchy, it doesn't matter.
Which is kind of the dream in this case.